>> Brian Holt: So what I wanna do now is
we have this project that we've written in
just vanilla JavaScript.
And I imagine many of you
are working in places that
are not currently in TypeScript, but
you'd like it to be in TypeScript, right?
But that means a migration.
So what you and I are gonna do today is
we're gonna migrate our entire project to
TypeScript really quick.
Just to show you that
t's a little painful,
it's a little annoying, but
it's very possible, okay?
So let's go ahead and get started.
So I'm in my repo here,
I'm in the master branch,
and I'm gonna say npm
install -D typescript.
So I got TypeScript off of npm 3.4 and
I'm going to say after that,
npx, which is a tool that's going
to run npm binaries for you.
tsc, which is the TypeSript compiler,
--init.
So this going to start
a TypeScript project for us, okay?
So now if you go look at tsconfig,
which I just generated for you,
you get this whole thing of tsconfig.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a couple things
that you and I are gonna have to do here.
Our target is going to be ES2019, or
18, or whatever you want it to be.
Looks like it doesn't like 19,
so let's say 18.
>> Brian Holt: Then the last one you
have to do is preserve jsx right here,
uncomment that one and put react.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, there we go.
Everything else,
you wanna leave relatively the same,
The big key here one is "strict": true.
Let's talk about strict mode for
just a second.
If you're gonna just start out with
a brand new project in TypeScript, and
you wanna just get started
as fast as you can,
you can introduce TypeScript
with "strict": false.
And this is going to make it
a lot easier to get started.
But you get less of the benefit, right?
The stricter you are with your type
checking, the more benefit you get, and
also the more annoying it is, right?
So it's more beneficial,
but it also hurts more.
So I would say go ahead and
start out with "strict": false, maybe?
But you should always
get to strict mode true.
False is only a stepping stone to true.
You always wanna get to true.
So we're gonna start with true, and
we're just gonna stay with true.
The next thing that we need to do is,
packages like React are not
written in TypeScript, right?
They're written by a different
team that doesn't use TypeScript.
However, we wanna have
types when we use React.
Luckily there's a project
called DefinitelyTyped
that allows people to write types for
libraries that they don't control.
And then we can import them
into our project, right?
So that's what happened with React.
So what we can do in
here is we can come and
say npm install -D @types/react, right?
So despite the fact that React
is not written in TypeScript,
we can still get types out of
it by installing this package.
And then we'll do @types/react-dom and
@types/react.
And it can't do slashes so
you do double underscore so
types/reach__router.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
cuz normally it's @reach/router.
>> Brian Holt: And this'll give us
all the types for these projects.
>> Brian Holt: So other projects
like the FrontEndMaster/Pet one,
it already has its own type
definitions that ship with it.
So you don't have to install types for
it, it just has them and
it comes with the project.
>> Brian Holt: But now we have all
of these types that we can use.